Xiao Ke, what's wrong with you?
Ah, it's the deadline for repayment.
How much is missing?
5.005 billion 5 million?
What to do then?
I only have ten thousand dollars
Ten thousand, take it
Let's pay for my brother's medical expenses
Oops, it doesn't matter.
I'm doing so many tasks now
I'll give it to you first if you want.
It's all karma
But if you don't listen
Those sweet words the boss said?
I don't covet his money.
No, it's cloudy, okay, it's over.
Come, come, it's alright
It's all over, don't be so late.
It's all over
In this case, wait for me and I'll go back and get my bag.
Wait for me let's go home
Ah I want
Try it
Smells good
Eat this bowl of noodles
So-called everything will be solved
God bless, God bless.
I started, hey, Xiao Ke
2,000 yuan for two etiquette for tomorrow's banquet
Shall we go and try